DOC-2524: Update: Callback Mode (Comments) (#3458)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/tinycomments_lookup.adoc

[[tinycomments_lookup]]
== `+tinycomments_lookup+`

> The {pluginname} plugin uses the `+tinycomments_lookup+` function to retrieve an (1) existing conversation using a conversation's unique ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {pluginname} plugin uses the `+tinycomments_lookup+` function to retrieve one existing conversation using a conversation's unique ID.
```
